Cnv bz1875725 containerdisks (#25359)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-vm-storage-volume-types.adoc

|containerDisk
|References an image, such as a virtual machine disk, that is stored in
the container image registry. The image is pulled from the registry and

> embedded in a volume when the virtual machine is created.

Reviewer: Stroke the sentence, instead:
`The image is pulled from the registry and attached as a disk to the virtual machine when it is getting launched.`

Only RAW and QCOW2 formats are supported disk types for the container
image registry. QCOW2 is recommended for reduced image size.

[NOTE]
====

> A containerDisk volume is ephemeral. It is discarded when

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `containerDisk` volume is ephemeral. It is discarded when
```

> A containerDisk volume is ephemeral. It is discarded when

Reviewer 2: Ooh, also, we aren't supposed to hard wrap anymore :(

Author: In-flight PR! In-flight PR! 
But unwrapped the whole table anyway :)

> the virtual machine is stopped, restarted, or deleted. A containerDisk

Reviewer: Some people could say this is to greedy.
Under certain circumstances the image will remain, but the statement above is safe, thus even if greedy, let's keep it.

> the virtual machine is stopped, restarted, or deleted. A containerDisk

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the virtual machine is stopped, restarted, or deleted. A container disk
```

Author: Went the opposite and ensured these were all referenced as "`containerDisk` volume" so that there is clear distinction between these ephemeral types and container disks, which can also be imported into a PVC and used for persistent storage.
